Writing your own application (#186)
esp-rs/book: src/writing-your-own-application/configuration.md

# Configuration

> The [esp-config] crate provides a way how to manage configuration settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [esp-config] crate provides a way to manage configuration settings.
```

## Usage

> The full list of available options could be found in the docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full list of available options can be found in the documentation.
```

# Configuration

The [esp-config] crate provides a way how to manage configuration settings.

## Usage

> The full list of available options could be found in `out` dir with the format `{prefix}_config_table.md`, for example `esp_hal_config_table.md` when changed options are `esp-hal`-related.

Reviewer 2: IMHO that's a bit too much implementation details - we should mention they can find config options in the docs. Sending users to `./target/.../out` folders sounds somewhat scary

> If you want to place a function in your code in the RAM (ESP_HAL_CONFIG_PLACE_SPI_DRIVER_IN_RAM), which is set to false as default, you need to create an environment variable with the same name and modify its value:

Reviewer 2: We should say something like `For example: If you want ....`

Otherwise, it's a confusing change of topics
